[Music]
fore Canada with Canada hand
I was very comfortable with my life I
had a very beautiful house it was a pent
house on the beach had um very nice car
uh my kids were in a private school they
learn English and French it was a very
nice life and then the 7th of October
came it was 6:00 a.m. in the in the
morning I'm hearing a lot of noise
hearing a lot of rockets flying to
Israel in the first six hours there were
only Rockets from Hamas but then after
that the response started and the
rockets started flying from both sides
we took the kids the Escape bag and we
took the decision to move to my father's
in-law
house I got to the house and I'm looking
around and it's just just an empty
house burnt destroyed fully no
walls there's nothing in the house like
full destrction I didn't feel that much
of sadness I don't know
why but I think it's like any other
gazin now anything
materialistic just
worthless it was 3:00 a.m. in the
morning where we get a phone call from d
was a recorded message saying that for
your safety you need to leave the North
and head to the South as soon as
possible I was shocked I was in a shock
I'm running for my life I'm trying to
protect my family's life it was still so
dark bombing were
everywhere but we were like you know
what we're not going to take a chance to
stay for one more minute so we started
moving with our cars to the South to
friend house the 150 square M apartment
we were around seven families around 60
people it was just very very
difficult so every night when it gets
dark We Gather in a small Corner in the
house me my two daughters and my wife we
close the ears of our of our
kids and sometimes we get scared
ourselves so we leave our kids and we SC
we close our ears and we tell them to
put their hands on their ears because
it's very difficult and it's extremely
dark there's nothing that you can see so
you keep on holding your kids so that
they don't run
away and I got a call from the Canadian
embassy saying you know what you're able
to evacuate you your wife and your two
daughters but not your parents you're
you're you're wearing the life of your
daughters with the life of your parents
there's no way I'm leaving and I'm
leaving my parents behind and they're
old and they need
me but then something happened and it
was a sign for me that I had to leave so
there was bombing right beside us uh my
older daughter SOA was playing she has
diabetes uh her sugar liver was around
300 when she heard the boming she got so
scared so her sugar level dropped from
300 to 30 all of a sudden and that means
that she can get G aoma at any second
and that means which is worst that she
has to be
hospitalized and there's no hospitals
operating at that time they're all full
of wounded people full of dead people so
she can't really have a place to be
hospitalized
at and now I'm here to a certain extent
comfortable with my
family and that's where I get the
feeling of guilt and shame see it's not
drinking that's my sister she's with my
parents
[Music]
yeah no internet so it's not drinking
that's the problem is that I really
can't concentrate what am I going to do
uh here unless I'm sure that they're
safe when we got here and we were at the
hotel at the
beginning and I asked them I'm like
What's the most thing that you like
about Canada and both of them
subconsciously they answered like we
love about Canada one thing that there's
no
[Music]
war slowly
but surely I'm trying to get them out of
like the memory that they had for the
past 30 days continuous bombing and this
going to take me some time for sure
until they're used that this is the
normal life and what we used to live
there it's just not normal and no one
should live
it